Step 1: Set Up Visual Studio Code
Install Visual Studio Code:

Download and install VS Code from here if you haven't already.
Install Python:

Make sure you have Python installed on your system. If not, download and install it from the official Python website.
Ensure you check the box that says "Add Python to PATH" during the installation.
Install the Python Extension in VS Code:

Open VS Code.
Go to the Extensions view (Ctrl+Shift+X), search for "Python" by Microsoft, and install it. This extension adds support for Python IntelliSense, linting, debugging, and running Python files.
Step 2: Open Your Project in VS Code
Open the Project Folder:
Go to File > Open Folder... and select your project folder (movie_ratings_analysis).
This will open the entire folder in the VS Code workspace.
Step 3: Set Up a Virtual Environment (Recommended)
Open the Terminal in VS Code:

Go to Terminal > New Terminal or press Ctrl+` to open a terminal window inside VS Code.
Create a Virtual Environment:

Create a virtual environment in your project folder to keep your dependencies isolated:
bash
Copy code
python -m venv venv
This command will create a folder named venv inside your project with the virtual environment.
Activate the Virtual Environment:

Windows:
bash
Copy code
venv\Scripts\activate
Mac/Linux:
bash
Copy code
source venv/bin/activate
You should see (venv) at the beginning of the terminal line, indicating that the virtual environment is activated.
Install Project Dependencies:

Install the required dependencies from the requirements.txt file:
bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
If you haven't created a requirements.txt file, you can create one manually or install individual packages using pip.
Step 4: Running the Python Program
Locate the Python File:

In the Explorer panel on the left, navigate to the file you want to run, for example, data_loader.py inside your src/ folder.
Run the File:

You can run the Python file directly by clicking the Run Python File button in the top right corner of the editor (the green play button).
Alternatively, you can run the file using the terminal by typing:
bash
Copy code
python src/data_loader.py
Ensure the path you specify matches the location of the script you want to run.
Debugging (Optional):

To run the code with debugging, press F5 or go to Run > Start Debugging.
VS Code will launch the debugger, allowing you to set breakpoints, inspect variables, and step through the code.
Step 5: View Output and Handle Errors
Any output, including print statements and errors, will appear in the terminal at the bottom of the VS Code window.
If you encounter errors like file paths not found, ensure that the file paths specified in your code match the actual location of the files.